From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lauren's Ryan
announcing show number two Oh
six. Recorded live Tuesday, March 16th, 2010.
Support for Hanselman it's is
provided by Tellerik R a
D controls the most comprehensive
suite of components for windows
forms and asp.net web applications.
online@wwwdottlerik.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with developer, Charlie Kendall
from the windows phone team.
Hi, This is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes, and we're here
this week in Las Vegas
at the Mandalay Bay resort
and casino at mix mix
2010. And I'm sitting down
with Charlie Kendall, who is
responsible for the developer experience
for windows phone seven, which
we heard about the windows
phone seven series we learned
about here at mix. First,
I finally got a chance
to sit down with you
and you've been running around
talking to all sorts of
people today. Thanks so much
for chatting with me here
at the ed max, I
Scott, it's great to be
here. All right. So if
I want to develop for
these phones, where do I
start? What do I install?
Okay. So the very first
thing you do go to
developer.windows, phone.com. And on that
site, there's a link to
the download page and there's
a single download. That includes
a special version of visual
studio, 2010, the windows, phone,
emulator, documentation, and samples in
a single download that will
install on your machine. If
you already have visual studio,
2010 RC installed like the
ultimate version of professional version,
this will add on as
a, as an add on
to that, and just allow
you to, you know, add
windows, phone projects, individual studio,
if you don't have visual
studio, 2010, it installs this
express version. That's specific for
windows phone and it, for
this release that we've just
released mixed, which is a
CTP. There's also a version
of expression blend for windows
phone that is available in
the kind of the same
way. It's a special version
just for building windows, phone
apps. And, and at this
point in time, it's actually
not part of that single
download it's in a separate
download. So right now there's
two downloads, which we will
fix even the next turn
of the crank for this.
But the point here is
that all of these tools
will be made available for
free when they're finally released,
obviously they're free right now
because they're CTP. But part
of what we announced this
week is the tools are
actually free. And that includes
this version of expression blend,
which previously wasn't available in
any sort of a free
version. But two most interesting,
interesting things that I heard,
right. There were one that
if I already have visual
studio, this is going to
that and add Onto it.
It'll become a comfortable file
new. And then it'll just
say windows phone that's right.
And then if I don't,
it'll automatically install everything that
I need. That's that's correct.
Now you said virtual machine.
So, I mean, is this
like virtual PC? This is
virtual windows. Yeah. I, I,
what I said is that
we include the windows phone
emulator, which is, which actually
runs a version of windows,
phone compiled for x86 in
an emulated environment. It's running
it, it's using x86 virtualization
on your developer workstation. And
that allows you to test
your apps in a, you
know, in an  debug
cycle, within visual studio or
expression blend. Oh yeah. And,
and with full performance with
multi-touch input, if you're using
a windows seven PC that
has a multitouch and using
3d GPU acceleration. So all
we, we pump all the
direct 3d directly through in
the emulator to the host
PC. So you get great
performance and it works really,
really well Virtual phone. I
mean, I can, I have
orientation, I can flip it
on its side to see
what my Apple behave like.
And if it works, they're
in the virtual, in the,
in the virtual, it's a
real windows phone away. It's
not as visual anything, I
suppose, it's right. This real
windows, it's going to work
the same on the device.
The, the, so the emulator
supports a bunch of really
cool features along those lines.
One does support rotation. So
you can just click on
a button on the emulator
and the screen rotates and
the right things happen. It
also supports zooming. So windows
phones, the, the design for
the screen as an 800
pixel tall screen, it's 800
by four 80. Wow. That's
really high rents. It really
is. Well, the problem is,
is on some laptops, when
you're doing development, you don't
have 800 vertical pixels or
close to that. And so
the nice thing we've done
in the emulator is we've
made it, so it actually
scales. And so, so will
we actually use the video
scaler? So there's a little
dialogue box that allows you
to set different percentages of
scaling, which is, Well, I
saw that and it's not
just like one X, two
X, three X, you know,
it's like, Oh, 62%. That
actually, I think what you're
referring to is the design
surface within visual studio that
does have a, kind of
an infinite slider for scaling
as well, which is it
again, it's the same thing.
Developers want to be able
to have really flexible workspaces
and what we've done with
the design surface for windows
phone apps within visual studio
is make it so that
it can scale at size
as well. And it really
looks like when you're in
the design surface, it looks
like a phone itself. You
almost, it almost seems like
when you hit a five
that the design surface jumps
out and then the phone
is kind of like left
the visual studio environment, and
now it's jumped out. Like
you have the same kind
of, you know, the windows
phone, Chrome, that's kind of
around the house. Yeah. And
you know, the funny thing
about this conversation that I'm
sitting here on the talking
to, you're thinking about someone
riding in their car, listening
to this podcast and trying
to visualize what we're talking
about and the kind of
the cool message that I
have days you can go
download this right now. Also
you get out of your
and get into Europe. And
it's a, it's a, maybe
a 10 minute install download
all the way. Cause it's
not a very large package.
We've tried to optimize to
make sure it's a small
package. And within a couple
minutes you can be up
and running, literally hit F
five and see this for
yourself. I saw Scott goo
do this on a onstage
when he, he basically started
dragging controls over. And the
first thing that I, I
noticed, and actually the first
thing I was worried about
was I said, are we
going to enable people to
make like ugly applications with
purple backgrounds and green buttons?
Like, you know, it was
possible. And other let's just
say other design surfaces, but
he drugged over a button
and it looked like a
windows phone button. That's right.
I mean, do all the
controls behave that way. Yeah.
What we've done with it
starts with the fact that
the windows phone developer platform
is, you know, the, it's
a combination of both X
and a game studio for
building X and a style
games and Silverlight, and because
of that, we're able to
take a use, make use
of all of the Silverlight
theming capabilities and the controls
and Silverlight, and within the
design surface and visual studio,
we've enabled that theming support.
So when you do file
new project and you get
that first windows phone application,
and there's a couple different
templates that are available, it
immediately looks like a windows
phone application has the right
fonts, has the right look
and feel and any control
that you drop onto it
automatically inherits those, those themes.
And just looks like a
windows phone control Controls that
I'm used to behaving in
one way. Like for example,
the calendar keeps coming to
mind. I drag a calendar
on a window, a windows
phone classic, and I'm going
to get kind of a
dropdown on the calendar and
it feels more like a
webpage with a calendar. Pop-up
what does it control like
that going to behave like
in a world of stacks
and, Yeah, well, so there's
a, as you know, there's
hundreds of controls available in
the ecosystem for Silverlight, whether
they're from third parties or
they're part of the Silverlight
SDK, the control samples that
are there right now, what
we've included with this version
of visual studio is a
set of, you know, kind
of the standard controls that
we've optimized to work in
this environment. Some of them
like button just work. Sure.
Some of the more advanced
controls, they really need some
tweaks to really work well
within the windows phone design
system. And so the calendar
example you gave is actually
one that isn't quite there
yet in the CTP. Although
there are, it'll be very
quick, someone's going to go
and build one and post
it to code plaques and
make it. So is that
the intent though, that a
control that I'm used to
using I'm familiar with their
properties and familiar with their
events when I use it
in Silverlight somewhere else is
going to behave in a
similar way. When I bring
it onto windows phone, it's
going to, you know, it's
going to have those. It
is, it is absolutely. And
this is all, this is
all server light. That is
the way, I mean, every
app is Silverlight any app
that I add on is
silver light. This is not
a, I'm not going to
be writing anything in, in
C plus plus code environment.
Yeah. And so the application
platform is a managed code,
only application platform. We have
no provision for people to
write native code, all your
apps run within a managed
sandbox that we control as
part of the application model
on the phone and your
there's two styles of applications.
You can build two flavors.
If you will. One is
a flavor that it would
be an X and a
flavored application or game. And
generally these are gonna be
for games that are generally
3d, you know, highly interactive
core gamer style games using
the X and a framework.
The other flavor of application
is a Silverlight application. And
that's where you, you, whatever
you're trying to write, you're
gonna use a market based
programming model. You want to
have that theming support that
matches the rest of the
phone. We think people will
build some games using that
as well. Sure. Cause there's
lots of Silverlight games out
there today, but really there's,
you have that choice when
you start a project, you
either use X and a
game studio style programming, or
you use Silverlight style. But
what we've done with windows
phone is we've taken all
the common libraries that you
use for you or those,
and we've made sure they're
actually common to both of
them. So for example, it
used to be that if
you wanted to do X
and a program and you
want to do microphone input,
you used an X and
a API for that. And
there was no microphone input
API for Silverlight three. So
what we've done is that
X and API is now
available to both styles of
applications. That's just one example
of the, of the common
programming model. Hmm. So, so
does that mean that as
a windows phone developer, if
I somehow find a reason
to switch between one flavor
to another, I'm going to
find familiar API one find
familiar developer metaphor. Absolutely. You
know, a great example of
this is windows communication foundation,
which we were, you were
talking about before the podcast,
it is available to both
flavors and it is just
windows communication foundation, the same
version that's available in Silverlight
it's available, whether you're building
a 3d game, which is
kind of cool, or you're
building, you know, the next,
you know, Twitter client or
whatever. I've noticed a lot
of people asking, but what
about this? What about that?
And I want support for
this. I want to support
for that. You said that
it's a managed code environment,
but it's not necessarily closed.
It might not understand that.
Like if I wanted, I
don't, I can't think of
anything. Let's say that there's
some wacky protocol that comes
out tomorrow and I really
need that. And there's some
open source application now that
works on windows works in
server Lite. Can I bring
that code into the windows
phone and compile it? It
is this like several light
or water down several lines.
It is, this is silver
light. This is the, the,
the, the full meal. So
an example of this is
there are a couple of
really cool physics libraries written
in C sharp for Silverlight
available in code Plex. So
you can go to COVID,
they're open source libraries. They
run on PCs today, you
know, within Silverlight today. And
literally you can go get
those projects, download them, fold
them into your windows, phone
projects and, you know, module,
maybe some bugs we have
in the CTP and they
will just work. And we've,
we have a bunch of
examples of that, where we've
gone and done that to
make sure that things are
solid. That's really cool. Yeah.
So if I've got an
existing application on that, like
that provides some data, if
it has a WCF service
or some RSS or really
anything at all, that's going
to come over the wire.
You've got that support on
the phone now. And I
suppose you can tell whether
the phone has a signal
or not, or whether it's
got wifi or not disconnected,
Right? So there's, there's, there's
the, there's the, the kind
of the high level UI
frameworks that you'd expect, you
know, the Silverlight provides. And
then we've added some specific
phone API APIs. API is
around phone specific things. Like
you mentioned the what, what
network you're on things like
being able to have great
access to location information, which
is critical for phones, all
have GPS. They all have
GPS as in it's a
service backed location system that
uses assisted GPS, wifi triangulation,
as well as the third
one, I'm drawing a blank
right now there's three sources
of GPS information and they
all get folded up for
you as a developer, by
us using a backend service.
And you get by this,
you get really fast response.
You don't have to wait
for the GPS to find
a signal, right? And you
get accurate responses as well.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman
from another parallel universe, got
to tell you about some
of our things our sponsors
are doing. They make this
free podcast possible. If you're
developing a new line of
business application, you've probably tried
the latest version of server
light. Now you can get
even better results by combining
the functionality and server Lite
for beta, with some of
the richness or the third
party controls from our friends
at Tellerik. They're the first
vendors to offer native support
for the server Lite for
beta and their rad controls.
They've got a new server
life for CTP suite of
these controls. They let you
tap into the frameworks, great
potential. You've got native, right
mouse click and all the
new features of server line.
There's 38 controls that give
you all these features. You
can start building those compelling
line of business applications right
away. I encourage you to
check those products out at
tellerik.com/silverlight and, you know, thank
Tellerik for supporting Don and
rock supporting Hansel minutes on
their Facebook fan page at
facebook.com/tellerik. Now back to the
show, things like assisted GPS
are really interesting because basically
based on what cell tower
that I'm near or possibly
what wife, what known wifi
spots are near, I can
save a great deal of
time in figuring out like
what hemisphere I'm in, what
city I'm in. I can
get someone down to a
city block, which then helps
them get a job UTS
lock even faster, right? Just
that we're kind of jumping
randomly on a different things,
but to drill on that
point a little bit more
sure. The idea that, and
one of the things that
supported this API is I
can actually call into the
API and it'll give me
a real address back, really?
Yes. To location, to place
name, I guess it's called
that. That's pretty, that's pretty
cool. Cause that's a huge
hassle. I've done location work
before you can get Latin
lawn, you can get region,
but you know, getting it
down to a street address,
you know, plus or minus
a few feet is pretty
hard, right? That's the, that's
the power of, of being
able to make an application
platform that has implicit services
built in, as of it,
when I gave my talk
yesterday, I'm here at mix.
One of the things that
I highlighted is the way
that we think about applications
for windows phone is they're
service enabled. They really are
powered by services. And then
I gave a taxonomy. We
like to use for how
to think about services. And
there's three types of, as
a developer, there's three types
of services. There are my
services, the services that I
build as a developer and
I expose. So I go
and I, you know, use
Azure or S3 or my,
you know, a web server
sitting under my desk, whatever
it is to build and
publish my service. The second
type of service is a
service that some third party
provides. Like the Twitter API
would be a great example
of that. And then the
third type of service is
a service that is implicitly
plumbed through the platform and
exposed as a high level
API. And with windows phone,
we have four examples of
those in this release. The
first is the one we
just talked about location, right?
The second one is a
push notifications system that allows
you to, from your web
services, push notifications to the
applications on the phone, even
if the application isn't running.
Okay. And so there's push
notifications. The second army, the
third one is the Xbox
live gamer services that are
available on the phone. So
X-Box live games on the
phone, have access to your
avatar, your gamer tag, all
of your Xbox live profile,
including leaderboards and achievements. Very
cool. It is very cool.
And then the fourth service
that, that we provide implicitly
is the whole application deployment
system for how your apps
go from the developer workstation.
They get released in through
the marketplace onto the phone
and then update it over
time. And so that, that
taxonomy works pretty good. Developers
say, okay, I need to
build a service. It's part
of my app. I'm going
to use Azure and WCF
and all those great tools
allow me to do that.
Or, Oh, there's a third
party tool that I'm going
to a service I'm gonna
use. I've got WCF on
the client or on the
server. And I can integrate
that in. And then thirdly,
I just call these API
APIs on the platform. Like
I create a new instance
of the notification object and
it takes care of the
underpinnings automatically. You know, thinking
about the way that games
and applications spread virally now
on the, on the web
and how, you know, three,
three folks in a garage
decide to put out an
application and then suddenly it
becomes, you know, the net,
you know, and then everyone's
virtually farming and it becomes
suddenly interesting. And then they
struggle with scale. Do you,
you see situations where someone's
going to create a game
or an application and they'll
put the service in Azure
and it'll become popular. And
by virtue of the fact
that it's an Azure, that's
going to allow them to,
to scale. I think that's
one of the core value
propositions of being able to
have a, a worldwide scalable
cloud service infrastructure, like Azure,
that it allows developers to,
to not have to think
about. I now need to
go buy, you know, 15
more servers and yeah. Find
someone to manage it. I
guess I've never really put
that together. I guess it's
obvious once you say it,
but the idea I didn't
really plug Azure and the
phone together, but they do
seem to be kind of
a, you know, friends. Here's
Another challenge for people listening
to this, go download the
tools. So, and this only
works if you already have
a full version of visual
studio, 2010 RC. Okay. Cause
the phone version doesn't include
the ability to do things
like Azure projects directly in
it. So let's assume you
have visual studio 2010 standards
and feel free to walk
us through in detail what
we were going to. Yeah.
So install visual studio, 2010,
the full version of the
RC that's available on the
web today, right? Go into
it and also install the
Azure tools, which is a
separate thing. You have to
install it just to file
new project cloud service. And
the first time you run
it, it'll tell you that
you have to go download
something and it does it
for you automatically. It's kind
of cool the way they
did it. Also, I think
it's kind of hokey, but
this is how you sign
up for an account. You
know, it's just how you
get the tools installed and
visual studio. Oh, I see.
Okay. This is just for
installation. Exactly. So once you're
done with that, then download
the windows phone developer tools.
Okay. Install that installer. It's
about 10 minutes of download
and install time and then
go individual studio, the full
version to file new project.
And you'll see a list
of the types of projects
you can create. And one
of them is a cloud
service and so select cloud
service. And when you do
that, name it with whatever
you want. And then it'll,
it'll say, what do you
want in this cloud service?
And for this demo, I
recommend you just add a
WCF service to it and
windows communication foundation service. Okay.
And then that'll create this
solution within visual studio with,
with a couple projects you
very easily can go in
there and can define the
web service interface you want
to use, you know, add
a couple of methods or
whatever, or use the, the
sample that, or the, the
template there automatically gives you
a interface with some fake
numbers. You can just code
those up, put some fake
data behind them. Okay. And
then do file new, or
I'm sorry, within the solution
in visual studio, add a
new project, you're adding a
project to an it solution.
Now you have two projects.
So now the second project
you're adding in that same,
you know, file new project,
same solution. You will see
windows phone application is one
of your options. Click on
that. And that will give
you an option of in
this release. Two styles of
windows, phone applications you can
add. One is just a
standard windows phone application. And
the second one is a
list-based windows phone application. Okay.
Pick whichever one you want
on name it and then
go in and you'll, you'll
get the visual designer. It
will be very obvious what
you're looking at. You're looking
at windows, phone applications, black
background with white text drag,
some UI elements in it,
go to COVID behind and
wire it up to that,
that, that Azure service, the
way you do that is
within your windows phone project.
You do add new service
reference point it at your
WCF project. That's in the
Azure project. Once you do
that, and I've done this
before 22 minutes from beginning
to end hit F five
and with the windows phone
application as your startup project,
the emulator will start it'll
it'll load up takes the
first time you do it,
maybe 20 seconds for it
to start maybe 30 seconds.
Cause it's cause it's actually,
it's literally booting the phone
Phone on, right. I guess
it even has a little
battery. If it doesn't anymore,
we fix that. So it
starts up. And then a
couple seconds later that app
you just built will show
up in the surf on
the app or on the
phone in the emulator. And
you can click on the
button you put on there,
whatever, and it'll go hit
that web service on your
local PC because that Azure
service is actually running in
the low personal cloud. It's
right in your own person.
It's a test cloud that,
that the Azure team built
to run on your, on
your workstation and your app
will work and then you
can go build it and
refine it and do whatever
you want the thing to
do. And then you can
go sign up for Azure
and take that project and
deploy it. Yeah. I'm starting
to think. I'm thinking about
some of the data that
I have already and what
could I potentially build? I've
got this, this nerd dinner
application that we just added
data to, and I want
to build a nerd dinner,
a windows phone application. The
data is already there. The
service is already there. There.
I mean, I bet you
I'll probably be able to
pull it off, you know,
you know, in less than
a half an hour from,
from download all the way
till, till the end. If
what I'm hearing you say
now, I see a lot
of examples of more advanced
things and just putting data
analyst, particularly this notion of
horizontal scrolling. The idea that
there's a view beyond, I
actually was looking over at
guy one of the windows
phone guys. And I noticed
that the text for a
word, I think it was
like movies, but the, he
was cut off and I
said, You know, you've cut
off the word there. And
he says, no, that's that's
okay. Visual metaphor. That's a
hint indicating that there's more.
And then he swiped his
finger to the left and
it caused the entire screen
to go over. How am
I doing that from a
developer perspective? Is, is there
a really wide Screen there?
Or am I making panels?
How do I make these
kinds of experiences that seem
to go on endlessly? Yeah.
We have a term for
those types of experiences within
the windows phone, a design
system called panoramas. And the
idea is that the, the,
the, the screen of the
phone is a window into
a horizontally scrolling canvas. And
there's different layers of typography
and imagery on that canvas.
And as you scroll from
left to right, or right
to left by using flicks
of a finger, those different
layers, accelerate at different speeds,
which creates this very interesting
effect of motion and hints
to the user that these
either more or less information
to the left or the
right it's called a Panorama.
And it's one of the
key user interface elements that
we use within the hubs
on windows phone, in the
CTP release that we have
the windows phone developer tools.
We don't have a full
Panorama control available for developers
already though. They're sprung up
a couple of projects where
people have done a good
job of, of simulating what
we, you know, what our
intent is. And it's actually
not rocket science to build.
Once you, you have the
basics, we will be providing
much better support for that
in a very prescriptive guidance
way. So, and correct me
if I'm wrong, but what
I mean, what I'm kind
of hearing underneath, what you're
saying is that the developer
tools want to maintain not
just an S a, an
aesthetic, a windows phone aesthetic,
but a, they don't want
you to make on attractive
unusable applications. It's almost like
they're not constraining you as
they are encouraging you to
make an app that looks
like what they're calling Metro,
right? Trust the code name
for the windows phone design
system designs. This look right
Is Metro and the developer
tools want to encourage us
to use Metro. You do,
but at the same time,
we're not, we're not preventing
developers from being super creative
in doing, you know, other
other things. What I'm gonna
encourage right now is one
of the talks that was
given here at max by
people on the windows phone
team was the design talk.
It was the third talk
we gave on on Monday.
And I highly recommend developers
go, if you'd look at
any other talk, like my
talk was pretty good, cause
I gave it and it's
the overview and so forth,
and I'm proud of it.
But the talk that I
think is the most interesting
and is the most informative
about what we really want
to accomplish is the design
talk, the, the, it, it
will help developers understand this
design system and not just
where we're prescriptive and where
we're saying, this is what
we really should do to
make it look like the
rest of the phone and
be beautiful, but also where
we really want you to
adventure beyond that and do
creative things and how you
can find kind of the
rails that will let you
be successful there. And one
of the things that really
impressed me was when I
saw the, the Netflix application,
it was, I mean, I'm
not a designer, but I
do know that I like
pretty things. And I saw
it and I said, wow,
this looks like a windows
phone app. And it looks
like Netflix. I mean, it
was like red. It was
like red to the core,
right. And it was evocative
of, of Netflix and it
was a VOC. And then
what I thought was cool
that it switched over into
Zune, which had kind of
a Zune gray kind of
style. And it looked like
Zoona in my Xbox and
it looked like Xena, my
PC, but then Netflix was
there, which indicated to me.
And I'm just, I mean,
I'm kind of reading into
this, that somehow the Netflix
system was able to announce
to the phone or connect
with the phone and say,
Hey, I'm involved in media.
I'm part of the, the
media hub, let me be
involved as well. And my
Zune video is my podcast
and my Netflix were all
in the same place. Is
that an, is that intentional?
It is. So we have
this concept of these integrated
experiences on the phone and
there's five or six or
seven of them. I can't
remember the exact number. There's
the people hub. There's the
office hub. There's the gaming
hub. There is the, I
said office already. There is
the music and video hub,
the marketplace, okay. Couple others.
And these each have their
own unique way where additional
content and, and assets can
be added in by third
parties, but all, but they
are basically extensible so that
additional things can happen within
them. We also have the
ability. So that's one place.
And what you saw there
was, was an example of
Netflix plugging into the music
and video hub experience. Xbox,
in the sense of when
I got Netflix on my
Xbox, it became part of
the video live that's right.
It was very integrated. You've
got it. Know the other
thing that we allow is
it that a company like
Netflix can build an application
that is their own hub.
And that's, so that's what
you saw. You saw effectively.
The Netflix application was the
Netflix hub and it had
its own experience in this
horizontal Panorama mode. If people
are curious what this really
looks like, the keynote for
the, for mix is available
on demand. And all those
demos are on that keynote,
you know, on the, the,
the live dot visit mix.com,
right? That this is what
makes me start thinking about,
on some of the existing
phones that I use that
will go on named. I
find myself going, I go
into the Twitter thing and
out of the Twitter thing
and into the Facebook thing
and out of the Facebook
thing. And now I go
into the forest square thing
and it's like, well, why
can't put her in Facebook
and Foursquare all be part
of something that is, is
this integrated? It sounds like
you're saying that the developer
platform will enable this. So
even though, like, for example,
and again, I'm kind of
a pimping nerd dinner, which
is a tiny, tiny, tiny
thing, but I could opt
in to people. I could,
you know, I could somehow
be part of one of
these hubs if the data
presents itself. And I want
to be clear that we
don't have, I think you're
applying a depth of extensibility
that we really don't have
in this release. We have
some examples within the various
hubs where this can happen.
The one you gave, where
you could inject additional people,
information into the people hub,
Maybe that's a little extreme,
but I guess the idea
is that the notion of
being social and getting updates
on different places, because I
remember seeing a demo where
we looked at a person
and we saw their updates
within that person. Is that
something that, that we might
be in the future able
to opt into In the
future? Absolutely. And the way
to think about it is,
is what we've done. There
is all that integration is
actually happiness. Part of winner's
life. The aggregation of the
Facebook and windows live feed
that the phone is representing
is not being done on
the phone it's being done
as part of the service.
And this is, I mean,
this is really the way
apps should be built. The
business logic, the stuff that
does the heavy lifting lifting
should run in the most
powerful processor. There is the
cloud and the, the screen,
the device should use its
resources to provide the best
possible user experience locally. That
makes sense. So if you
were going to enable something
like, you know, LinkedIn information
and all these other different
things, that would be something
that I would go and
sign up for and on
in the cloud, because I
understand that all of this
is being synchronized that's over
the, over the wire. Exactly.
Oh, okay. Very cool. Well,
I really appreciate you taking
the time to sit down
and chat with me today
and everyone should go to
visit mix.com. I'm going to
guess in a couple of
weeks. So a couple of
days, maybe even we're going
to have all these sessions
online, all the windows phone
sessions, as well as lots
and lots of information@developer.windows, phone.com.
Yeah. And, and actually the
mix sessions are already available
there quickly. The other thing
I need you to give
a shout out to my
blog. All right. blogs.msdn.com/c Kendall.
K I N E L.
And you can follow me
on C Kindle on Twitter
as well. Fantastic. Well, thank
you so much, Charlie Kendo
for chatting with me here
at mix. This has been
another episode of Hansel minutes,
and I'll see you again
next week.